ZAK: Is this where you saw
an apparition?
Yes.
ROD: I would definitely say
that we're not alone.
ZAK: The RMS Titanic.
This life jacket
was cut from a body.
JAMIE: We've had people
just in hysterics in here.
This is the moment
where you know
that you're
not gonna be saved.
I feel something here
right now.
We just got a figure,
and it was on the window.
Oh, my God.
Zak!
Oh, my God. There's actually
finger marks.
♪♪
ZAK:
There are things in this world
that we will never
fully understand.
[ Distorted ] Understand.
[ Echoing ] We want answers.
We have worked years to build
our credibility, our reputation,
working alongside
the most renowned professionals
in the field,
capturing groundbreaking proof
of the paranormal.
It's working!
I can't give you
an explanation.
[ Birds cawing ]
This is our evidence...
our ghost adventures.
♪♪
[ Steel grinding ]
Through the years
of our ghost adventures,
we've investigated
some real iconic locations,
but I don't think
any of them can compare
to the titanic size
of our next location.
Ladies and gentlemen,
we are investigating
the RMS Titanic...
♪♪
...Museum
in Branson, Missouri.
♪♪
ZAK: On April 10th, 1912,
the RMS Titanic embarked on
its transatlantic maiden voyage
from South Hampton, England,
to New York City,
ultimately carrying
2,208 passengers on board.
After four calm days at sea,
on the night of April 14th,
the ship struck
a massive iceberg,
resulting in one
of the greatest tragedies
ever written
in our collective history.
Frozen water.
♪♪
That's what killed
1,496 people that night.
Yet the memory of this event
still lives on today.
In 2006, the Titanic Museum
in Branson, Missouri,
opened its doors as home to
one of the largest collections
from that fateful voyage.
MAN: Iceberg! Right ahead!
ZAK:
And we're here to investigate
incredible claims
by the museum staff
that there are full-bodied
spirit manifestations
whose hauntings are connected
to their very personal objects.
♪♪
Hello!
Ohh.
[ Laughs ]
Why doesn't everybody do that
when I walk into the room?
Well, this is
first class! [ Laughs ]
Oh. Okay.
So, we just walked
into the Titanic?
Yes.
What's absolutely amazing
about this museum
is the outside.
It is an exact recreation
of the outside of the Titanic,
half the size.
We have over 400
real Titanic artifacts
from the actual
1912 debris field
or given
by actual survivors.
Do you think
by recreating this
there are specific people
that are haunting
the Titanic museum?
I personally do.
♪♪
Welcome
to the grand staircase.
Holy cow.
This is like being
on the actual ship.
Yes, the room we're standing in,
it is actual size,
and it was built for us
using the real, paper blueprints
of the actual Titanic.
♪♪
Is this where you saw
an apparition?
Yes.
Okay. Who was
the apparition?
Who I believe it was,
was John Jacob Astor.
He was the richest man
onboard Titanic.
He was 47.
His new wife was 18.
On the honeymoon, she finds out
she's gonna have a baby.
Did she survive?
She survived.
Why wouldn't he
have survived, as well?
Everybody thinks money
can get you anything.
You've got 2,208 passengers
running up and down the decks.
The officers are blowing
the whistles, screaming orders.
It's a fiasco.
It's chaos at every turn.
On one side of the ship,
it's women and children only
in a life boat.
John Jacob Astor -- he asked
if he could board with her
in her delicate condition.
Why would they
refuse that?
They just refused.
They said women
and children only.
So, money can't always
buy you your life?
Well, that time
it didn't.
♪♪
John Jacob Astor.
[ Clock ticking ]
He is
the prominent apparition
that you believe
haunts the staircase?
I believe that because
I've seen him more
than one occasion,
and it's always
right there,
right there at
the top of the stairs.
And the reason
I think it's him
is because right there
at the top
we have recreated
exactly the bedroom
that he stayed in
on the Titanic.
I believe that
you telling this story,
that is the reason why you are
seeing his apparition
on this staircase.
♪♪
Do any of your customers
ever get emotional?
Yes.
We've had people
just in hysterics in here,
just crying
uncontrollably because...
Why?
They said,
"I hear screaming."
♪♪
ZAK: Next, we're shown
another room in the museum
which also seems to be
drawing on energy
from the Titanic.
ALEXIS: This is
the Musicians' Gallery.
So, that scene
in "Titanic"
where everybody's in chaos
and everybody's just
running for their lives
to get that spot
on a life boat,
and those musicians
are just sitting there.
They looked at their fate,
and they said, "You know what?
We're gonna go out
doing what we love
and play beautiful music,"
until that moment
that their bodies hit
that ice-cold water,
and they perished.
Who were the men
who did that?
Well, there were eight musicians
on board Titanic,
Wallace Hartley,
he was the band leader,
and this was the first time
they had met.
♪♪
As I'm standing here,
it's very eerie.
Every single one
of these eight faces
of these band members
are staring at me.
♪♪
I'll be honest with you.
I haven't felt anything
since I've been here,
but I feel something
here right now.
Do you feel this?
Come here and feel this.
Oh, I 100% feel that.
Do you feel that?
I really do, yeah.
Jamie!
Do you feel...
[ Gasps ]
Can you feel that?
Right here,
it's small.
Are there any reports
of children?
In this room,
I have seen a child.
That's what I saw.
You have?
Yes.
So, that's
my ghost story.
Get the Spirit Box
over here now, please.
ZAK: Of the 133 children
aboard the Titanic,
nearly half lost their lives.
[ Oscillating static ]
It is ice-cold
right here.
Can you please
speak to me?
After several minutes
of attempting to communicate
with this child's spirit,
we don't receive a single voice
on the Spirit Box.
You don't want
to talk to us?
So, Alexis takes us
to another room
where evidence of child-like
activity has occurred.
ZAK: What area is this?
ALEXIS:
This is the captain's bridge.
So, every night,
we go through the museum,
and we clean
all the cases, all the glass,
all the plastic,
everything.
So, I went through, and
I cleaned all of these windows
like I do
every single night.
So, I went
to the other side.
That's the promenade deck.
That's the only room where
I feel genuinely creeped out,
and there were two
kids' handprints on the window.
What?
And I tried
to clean them,
but they were on the other side
that I had just cleaned.
♪♪
So, can you show me
the glasses
where the little kids'
handprints were?
It was this one.
It was this one?
Mm-hmm.
Why are there handprints
on the glass?
I don't know.
Why are there handprints
on the glass?
We cleaned it before
you guys got here.
There are little-kid
handprints on the glass.
That one
wasn't there before.
That just appeared.
ZAK:
In this moment, we are amazed
by this sudden manifestation
of child-sized handprints,
which validates
that we're communicating
with one of the young victims
of the Titanic,
and this is hands-down
one of the most compelling
pieces of evidence
we've ever documented.
Are you putting your
hands on the glass
to get our attention?
We didn't have any kids
come through the museum
within
the last three hours.
Really?
We had two people come
through and make sure
everything was clean
before you guys came in.
ZAK: We have validation
that these windows were clean
before we got here,
and I know you're
probably running from us
because that's what
little children do,
but when we come back,
we're gonna bring you candy.
We're gonna
bring you toys.
I feel as though you'll
speak to us when we
bring these toys back
and put them on these window
ledges below your handprints.
♪♪
ZAK: There's a wall here,
and it has etchings.
Third-class passengers --
181 survived,
528 perished.
♪♪
Imagine the maiden voyage
of this massive ship.
All these people are
on this ship to start new lives,
from the wealthy
to the not-so wealthy.
I see all these names.
I see all these deaths.
Nearly 1,500 people
whose names stare back at you.
That puts a lot of things
into perspective.
This is the moment
where you know
that you're not
gonna be saved.
I would definitely say
that we're not alone.
Whoa,
it derailed!
♪♪
ZAK: As we examine
the connection
between the hauntings
and artifacts on display
at the Titanic Museum,
a tour guide shows us an exhibit
of the most personal
in spiritual nature.
So, you have brought me
to an exhibit here,
and you're gonna tell me
about an unusual object.
This is
Reverend Robert Batemen's bible,
and he was
a Baptist minister...
MAN: From ashes to ashes,
from dust to dust.
...one of many of the ministers,
the spiritual heroes,
who willingly
give their lives that night.
MAN: [ Echoing ]
...so, it must be.
Why is
the bible unusual?
The format in which
it's printed,
it has the original
Greek Orthodox text
of the New Testament
plus an English translation
right next to it.
This is the only bible
to actually survive
the sinking of the Titanic,
and it survived because
he gave it to his sister-in-law
and ordered that it would
be returned to his wife.
So, this exchange
of this holy book,
that moment
of that handoff,
he knew that he was
going to die?
Yes.
He was already at peace
with what he fully expected
to happen,
and he knew
that possibly the bible
would give his wife some
semblance of peace, as well.
MAN: [ Echoing ] The glory
of our darkest nights
and the comfort
in times like these.
♪♪
When we put the bible
on display,
we set it on the rack
that it sits on
and just let it relax
and open to the passage,
whatever passage
it wanted to open to.
What passage
did it open to?
The passage
it opened to
is Christ walking on the water
to his disciples.
[ Waves crashing ]
♪♪
Do you think that this museum
is haunted by spirits?
I would definitely say
that we're not alone.
♪♪
ROD: Here in the next room,
in the Children's Gallery,
we have one of
the actual life vests.
We don't know who
this one came from.
This one was actually removed
from one of the bodies
that was recovered.
It says that this life jacket
was cut from a body...
that was in the ocean
for several days.
That person had
all the faith in the world
that this, what we're
looking at right now,
was going to save
this person's life.
♪♪
The energy that's connected
to these objects,
it's a given why
there are spirits here.
There's energy here,
and we have
felt it already.
♪♪
ZAK:
So, right now, I am standing
on the Titanic deck
as it would have been sloped
45 degrees at 2:18 a.m.,
and then the reality
has set in now
that your strength is going to
eventually give away,
and you're gonna have
to let go.
This is the moment where
you know that this is it,
that you're not
gonna be saved.
This is the exact
water temperature
as the ocean would have been.
ROD:
It gets your attention.
It's only been in there
30 seconds,
and my fingers
are hurting.
Oh, and it's not like
it just goes cold.
It hurts.
Oh, God.
And I've had enough.
Ouch!
Thank you.
Whew!
ZAK: And when you come here
to the Titanic Museum
in Branson, Missouri,
it's really cool.
Not only do you get to see
the objects
that were on board that night,
to put yourself in these
little positions, too,
it only makes that experience
that much more real.
♪♪
ZAK:
It's Day 2 of our investigation.
I was overwhelmed yesterday
by those windows
and talking about
how handprints would appear,
and before our very eyes, we saw
little child's handprints form.
That one
wasn't there before.
That just appeared.
I made a promise
to that little child
that I would bring back toys.
So, we are at
the World's Largest Toy Museum
to find this little kid spirit
some really cool toys.
♪♪
ZAK:
How you doing?
Woman: I'm doing good.
How are
you guys doing?
Good.
So, we are filming
at the Titanic.
Oh.
Do you believe
in ghosts?
I definitely
believe in ghosts.
Well, we encountered
a little child's spirit
at the Titanic yesterday.
So, I told the little
child that I would get
the child some toys.
We might have to do
some big-time negotiating.
Okay.
I'm a good bargainer.
♪♪
We've got to find the right toys
'cause that's everything.
AARON:
These are perfect!
Let's get this one.
We can wind it up.
Let me see.
I don't think we can part
with that one.
What about
this one?
Oh, definitely not.
Robots.
How about...
How about this one here
for 100 bucks?
I don't think we can do
that one.
All due respect,
we're just in a rush,
and we've asked about,
you know, 100 times
if we could buy
something, but...
Let's keep looking.
Here we go!
My heart is feeling love here
towards all of these cars,
and there's so many of them.
Let's keep looking.
Can we borrow it, like,
just for like an hour or two?
How about this -- is there
anything in here for sale?
I'm just
thinking out loud.
We've got
a gift shop.
But it's
all new stuff.
But it looks old.
A spirit might not know
the difference.
Okay.
AARON:
Oh, my gosh.
Lookit -- 1910.
ZAK: How much
for the teeter-totter?
Make me an offer.
The teeter-totter?
Okay.
Now we're getting
somewhere.
We'll do
$300 for it.
Do you realize
how rare that piece is?
Okay, how about
we rent it for $100,
and we'll bring it back to you
tomorrow?
But how is
that little spirit
gonna feel about it
if you take...
BILLY:
Whoa!
Whoa, it derailed just as you
talked about the spirit.
Does that happen often?
No.
Seriously?
Are you serious?
Never.
The spirits are
getting upset with you
because you're not
making a deal with us.
But how is
that little spirit
going to feel about it
if you take...
Whoa!
But how is
that little spirit
going to feel about it
if you take...
Whoa!
You said
you had a gift shop?
Yes.
Are there toys for sale
in the gift shop?
Yes, definitely.
[ Exasperated ] Let's go
to the gift shop.
Good,
right in here.
ZAK:
We're not gonna be able
to get them anything
that's old or anything.
What about
old-looking, Zak?
Yeah, old-looking.
Okay, I'll find
some old-looking toys.
Ohh,
look at this one!
I got a train, Zak.
All right.
Check this out.
Look at this.
I found a 1905 car.
1905.
I've got a train.
That's awesome.
I got this little wooden toy
that back in the day
Santa Claus would make
and give to you
underneath the tree
because they didn't
really have a choice.
Okay, so, we found
a clown doll for sale.
It has a price tag on it,
so you cannot tell us
that it's not for sale because
there's a price tag on it.
Okay.
Should you ring us up
for all this stuff?
I can do that.
Sure can.
Okay.
So, we did it?
We made a sale?
You made a sale.
Thank you
very, very much.
Thank you.
Yes!
I'm sorry if we brought ghosts
to your place.
That was eerie.
BILLY:
Do you feel that?
AARON:
That is so cold.
ZAK: Can you show yourself,
little kid?
Ah, I got the chills,
dude,
They're here.
They are here.
We are getting ready
to now board
the Titanic Museum
in Branson, Missouri.
Billy, we filmed
interviews here.
We witnessed some
really incredible things.
We're walking backwards
and...
Which is incredible,
by the way.
But not as incredible
as what we witnessed earlier,
and to bring things
more serious
the reason why there's
so many spirits inside here
is because
of the artifacts
that were so closely connected
to them
at the times
of their deaths
and to the personal self,
like the bible,
a wedding band taken off
the finger of the dead body
that was floating
in the ocean for days.
Yeah.
For sure.
However, we're targeting
this little child
that we witnessed handprints
forming on the windows
with an eye witness,
a tour guide,
to validate
what we saw was real.
There are little-kid
handprints on the glass.
That one
wasn't there before.
That just appeared.
How are you doing,
sir?
Thank you
very much.
Do we have
permission to board?
You have
permission to board.
Okay,
thank you, Mick.
You're welcome.
ZAK: Okay.
There you go, sir.
Thank you.
And Mick is
going to lock us inside.
Thank you,
Mick.
Good luck,
gentlemen.
♪♪
ZAK: We set up
multiple X cams
throughout this massive
Titanic museum,
then decide to split up
into two teams
for our investigation.
♪♪
Okay, right now we're in
the Musicians' Gallery.
Jay is investigating
with me.
We're teamed up,
and I have Billy and Aaron,
they're investigating together.
I believe they're gonna
start out
investigating
the grand staircase,
and Jay and I are
immediately going right after
a little child's spirit
that we encountered yesterday
when he left handprints
on the windows.
♪♪
Hey, little kid.
We brought you
some toys.
♪♪
I promised you I would.
Can you show yourself,
little kid?
♪♪
Are you playing
hide-and-seek with us?
♪♪
Don't be afraid of us.
We saw your handprints
yesterday.
♪♪
JAY: You felt him
right there too, right?
Yeah.
'Cause remember it
was really low?
Yeah.
It is ice-cold
right here.
Can you please
speak to me?
Aaron and Billy,
come in.
BILLY: Yeah,
go ahead, Zak.
Hey, Billy,
I got a quick idea.
Do you guys want to head up
into the Musicians' Gallery
by the piano?
And Jay and I are gonna go
outside the captain's bridge
on the outside
of the windows
where we captured
the handprints yesterday,
and we're gonna go in there
and set up toys there.
We think this little child
goes back and forth
from there to
the Musicians' Gallery.
And I was thinking while
we're out there investigating,
see if he or she
shows themselves
in the Musicians' area.
Okay, we're headed up
that way right now.
♪♪
ZAK:
You ready?
JAY: Yeah.
Now, what I will say
is the museum --
This was meant to simulate
outside on the ship.
So, once we open
this door,
it is absolutely
freezing out there.
So, we're gonna go outside,
and it is gonna be ice-cold.
You ready?
-Let's do it.
♪♪
Hey, little kid.
You putting your hands
on the windows today?
♪♪
Right now, Aaron and I
are inside the musical room,
and we're gonna set up
the Paranormal Puck 2
while Jay and Zak are just
on the other side outside
doing their experiment.
We'll see if we get any answers
on the inside.
♪♪
Not only that but we have
a thermal camera
shooting right at the piano
just in case something happens.
I have an idea.
These are the eight members
of the band
that went down with
the ship portraits.
Right.
I think we should
directly try and contact
and talk to each
one of them by name
and see if one of them
will answer us.
That's a good idea.
We can ask the same question
to each of them.
Maybe one of them...
Okay.
Do you want me to go
and call their name?
What? What?
Put your hands
right here.
Whoa!
-Do you feel that?
-That is so cold.
Aaron.
The second I --
Oh, I got the chills, dude.
They're here.
They are here.
ZAK: Just as Billy feels
an ice-cold pocket of air
in front of the piano,
watch very closely
as an unexplained
light anomaly
appears on the piano keys
as if a spirit is trying to play
the instrument.
We debunked this as not being
any type of light reflection
from Billy's watch because there
is no infrared light source
hitting him from that direction.
And when he moves his arm
back in that direction,
which happens multiple times,
the anomaly never appears again.
Oh, I got the chills, dude.
They're here.
They are here.
We just got a figure,
and it was on the window.
When I asked, "How old are you?"
and it said "Six."
Oh, my God! There's actually
finger marks here!
♪♪
ZAK: As we investigate
the Titanic Museum
in Branson, Missouri,
we are stationed
on the promenade deck,
where earlier we captured
profound evidence
of a child's spirit.
Okay, right now,
we are at the area
where the little kid put
his hand on the windows
that we witnessed
with a tour guide.
It was incredible.
We have an X camera
off of night vision
with a light on it,
aimed
at that same window.
We cleaned it
with glass cleaner,
and in the windowsill,
we put candy, marbles,
and a winding toy
to see if there's
any action on those toys,
Then, on the ground here
we put a toy car,
an old train, and a doll.
And I'm gonna use SLS
to see if we're able
to lure
this little child in
so that we can actually
see the child's apparition.
ZAK:
With trigger objects in place,
we are about to capture
some of the most incredible
SLS evidence
in the history
of our investigations.
This will also validate
the unexplained handprints
that appeared on
these glass windows earlier.
I don't want you to be
afraid of us, okay?
We're very curious as to why
you chose the Titanic to visit.
♪♪
How did you get here?
Were you actually
on the real Titanic boat?
Do you remember hearing all the
screaming and all the crying?
Do you like these toys
that we left for you?
Can you show yourself
to me?
Do you see the toys
in the window?
What I'm doing is I'm shooting
the windows at an angle
so that I don't shoot myself
in the reflection of the window.
♪♪
Oh, my God, Jay!
Jay.
Did you just see that?
Jay, we just got to a figure,
and it was on the window.
It was standing on top
of the guardrail.
JAY: Really?
It was in front
of the window.
So, it was little,
and it climbed up?
Oh, my God.
It was incredible.
So, there was a little figure
that climbed up on the rail?
I just captured a little figure
standing on the guardrail
at this window.
That was incredible.
That is what I wanted,
and I did not expect that.
Holy cow.
God, that was awesome, dude!
That was so awesome.
That's exactly
what I wanted to see.
And it's weird because we baited
this window with the toys,
and a figure was
standing right here.
It's like it's
checking it out, kind of...
Yeah, were you
at the window?
We need to go check
that window for handprints.
Oh, yeah.
Which one was it?
Was it two over?
It was two down.
Okay, we're gonna go
to the window right now
very slowly.
Hold on.
To see if there's a handprint
that formed on...
Oh, my God. Jay, come here.
-Is it back?
Jay, he's back.
He's back.
I see it.
Wow. It's a little kid
up there.
His hands
are out to his sides.
It's like he's
balancing up there.
Somehow, some way, he's --
Okay, here he --
Oh, he just went
through the window!
♪♪
Aaron and Billy,
come in.
Yes, go ahead.
We baited the window
with candy and toys,
the center one where
the handprints were.
I'm doing SLS. I'm shooting
the windows at angle.
Nothing's happening.
Standing here for 10 minutes
and nothing.
All of a sudden,
two windows down,
there's a little figure
standing on the guardrail
looking through
the window.
Then, he disappears.
He comes back, and now he's
between the two windows.
He's just standing there
with his arms out.
Never seen anything
like it before.
Then comes down a little bit
and literally disappears,
shoots through the window.
You can see his body
go through the window
towards you guys
at the Musicians' Gallery.
What is going on over there
right now, and be very aware
that he may be going
over there right now?
ZAK:
Immediately after I radio
Aaron and Billy to tell them
that I just saw this little
figure shoot through the window
heading towards them
in the music gallery,
Aaron quickly sets out
some cookies and candy.
Then, they begin receiving
additional evidence
of this child's spirit.
AARON:
Billy, can you just shine
your light right here
just so I can see?
Female.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, my God!
-Female.
We're setting up it right now,
this thing,
and it says female as
I'm grabbing the cookies.
Is it supposed to be
a little girl?
Yeah.
We're setting up.
I just had the Ovilus
going to be safe,
and it said
"Female" on it,
and we're wondering,
are you a female kid?
ZAK:
I'm gonna move this.
There's no handprints
on this one,
but the little figure appeared
two windows down.
We've got to move this
so I can with the light,
go over there, and see
if there's any handprints
that appear in these windows.
All of these were cleaned
before tonight.
This is one.
This is two.
Oh, my God!
JAY:
I can see it from here.
What?
Do you see that
right there?
Look right there
and right there.
What the hell?
Two sets of hands
or one set of hands.
And you can see -- Look,
you can tell it's been wiped.
There's, like,
some streaks.
Oh, my God.
Look at this, Jay!
Those are fresh.
ZAK: This is the same window
that we just witnessed
the SLS figure jump through.
We also know 100%
that the staff here
at the Titanic Museum
cleaned all of the windows
right before our investigation.
Oh, my God.
No.
And then there's one down here.
Do you see that one?
There's a print on here.
Oh, my God! There's actual
finger marks here!
You can see the grooves,
like the actual fingerprint.
What the hell?
ZAK: As Jay and I begin making
our way over to Aaron and Billy
to show them our new evidence,
the guys continue
trying to make contact
with this figure who has already
told them that she's a female.
How old are you?
Are you kind?
There's
a lot of commotion.
No way.
Dude.
"Six"?!
Oh, my God!
Zak, get in here!
Zak!
The questions we are asking
right now are incredible,
and they're answering
all of them.
Hey, the second
that you guys
said switch it up
and talk to the child...
And I put this on because
there's no time to waste,
and it basically
says "Female."
And then I asked, "How old are
you?" And it says "Six."
ZAK:
Are you serious?
I'm dead serious.
Then he said,
"How old are you?"
It said "Six."
Wait, wait, did you just
hear a women's voice?
Was that your voice
that we heard?
Descend to the bottom
of the ocean.
♪♪
ZAK:
As we pursue the spirit of
a child at the Titanic Museum,
we find ourselves in the midst
of a highly charged
communication session.
Tell me one of the toys
that I left for you.
Can you give me the name
of one of the toys?
Eat.
AARON: "Eat." Oh!
Oh, candy!
She wants to eat the candy.
Wait, wait, dude, it stopped
talking because it was eating!
I'm serious!
It was eating.
The cookies
and now the candy.
Doesn't that make sense?
ZAK:
What are you eating?
We know you're here.
We just want to know
how you got here.
BILLY: Right.
Can you give us
some information?
Deep.
Deep like you -- this thing's
getting really cold, like,
some [Indistinct],
you know, like...
Why did you say "deep"?
Descend.
"Descend"?
[ Gasps ]
Oh, my God.
I go, "Did something happen?"
'Cause it said "deep."
"Descend"...
-To the bottom of the ocean.
to the bottom
of the ocean.
ZAK:
Could this 6-year-old girl
now be giving Aaron information
on how she died while
trapped aboard the Titanic
as it descended deep into
the frigid waters of the ocean?
Billy now begins using
the Spirit Sweep device
to see if he can
physically hear the spirit
that has been communicating
through the Ovilus.
I have this device right here,
right next to the cookies,
right next to the cookies
and the candy.
Can you
just come over here
and start playing
with this toy right here?
Oh, my God.
It says "How."
Wait, wait, did you just
hear a women's voice?
Yeah, it went,
[Imitates moan].
Yeah!
ZAK: Billy incredibly captures
what sounds like
a sad female moan
on this Spirit Sweep device.
Listen closely.
Can you
just come over here
and start playing
with this toy right here?
Right here?
Oh, my God!
ZAK: As Jay and I continue
investigating the Titanic Museum
in an unknown location,
we begin hearing
something unexplained.
♪♪
Whoa, whoa.
What is...
[ Gasps ]
[ Low vibrating ]
Stop.
[ Vibrating continues ]
♪♪
[ Vibrating slows ]
JAY:
Is that vibrating?
It's vibrating. Stop.
[ Vibrating stops ]
Oh, my God.
Oh,
look what it says.
-"Iceberg right ahead."
Who is this?
Okay, this is really
interesting.
Jay and I just came
into this exhibit here
and immediately started hearing
a loud vibrating sound.
Something was rattling,
and I came over here,
and this piece
of etched glass
that says "Iceberg right ahead"
was vibrating very loudly.
Yeah, and I can put
my finger on it.
As soon as I put my finger
on it, I went like this,
and it was like a phone
that's vibrating,
and as soon as I
investigated further,
this whole thing right here
is dedicated to Frederick Fleet.
This is the man who's
the one who yelled,
"Iceberg right ahead!"
That's
pretty incredible.
Yeah.
So, was that
some type of a sign?
Was a spirit using
their vibrations to
vibrate this glass?
It wants to,
like, let us know.
To let us know.
Yeah,
like, he warned us.
He was warning them.
ZAK: As I grab an X camera
and start setting it up,
I look out into the dark room
and see the glow
of a child's apparition,
and it really, really stuns me.
JAY: That was
really weird, man.
Did you just see something?
-Yeah, I did.
♪♪
It was a little boy
with chubby cheeks.
He had,
like, a vest on.
I don't know if that was a
life preserver, life jacket,
but that life jacket, you see
how the bars go this way?
Yeah.
This one went this way.
Huh.
So, it was a kind of
different style?
That's the only
style there were.
This one...
It was like that, dude.
It was a little boy
with dirty blonde hair.
I swear this is crazy,
but I got his visual.
He was right here.
-In this room?
-Yes.
ZAK:
It was right here.
♪♪
Oh, my God!
That's all
the children.
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
I did not even know
this was all children.
What are the odds?
I didn't even see.
It's been pitch-black.
Yeah, I didn't know this was
the children's section.
I haven't even see
this over here.
ZAK:
As we are in a pitch-black room,
Jay nor myself
have any idea whatsoever
that where I see
this little child's apparition
is right in front
of the memorial
for all of the children
who died aboard the Titanic.
We immediately turn
on the Spirit Box to see
if we can get any audio evidence
of the child I just saw.
[ Oscillating static ]
JAY: A little kid.
Did you hear that?
It sounded
like a little kid.
ZAK: A little child's voice
suddenly comes through
the Spirit Box.
[ Oscillating static ]
JAY: A little kid.
ZAK: You heard it.
That was clear as day.
Clear as day.
A little kid
going, "Ah."
Right here where
all these little kids...
"Children of the Titanic."
Was that your voice
that we heard?
[ Oscillating static ]
What is this?
JAY: That's another voice.
ZAK: We capture
another child's voice,
and this one almost
sounds like it's saying
"Peek-a-boo."
What is this?
JAY: That's another voice.
Little child,
what's your name?
[ Oscillating static ]
AARON: It just said "Kid."
There's children in here,
and they're running around.
I just heard
a bang right here.
I'm a little
shook up.
♪♪
ZAK: It seems as though
the common hauntings
reported by staff and guests
here at the Titanic Museum
are spirits of children,
and so far, over the course
of our investigation,
we are discovering
that this is very accurate.
And now the little child
apparition that I just saw
is about to be
witnessed by Billy
on the other side
of the museum.
♪♪
AARON: Bill?
Yeah.
Hey.
Come here.
I just saw something.
I need you to come here.
♪♪
Kid.
What? Did that
just say "Kid"?
Come here, dude,
quickly, please.
Hang on. Hang on.
Hang on. Hang on. Hang on.
It just said "Kid."
Okay, then that validates
what I just...
It just said "Kid."
Right when you said, "Hey,
Aaron, I'm feeling something."
I said, "Hang on," and I started
walking over here to you,
it just said "Kid."
That says "Kid" right now.
-Okay.
-Why? What's up?
Give me your light.
Come here.
Please follow me before
I freak out, dude.
Come here.
♪♪
So, I wander into this room,
camera down, just --
I'm not filming,
I'm not filming.
Just walking like this,
and I see something dark
from there to there
behind there about this tall.
Bring out my light
so I can see what it is,
and there's
nothing there.
JAY: It's right here, dude.
It scared the crap out of me.
You know what
that means?
It was ducked down
like this, Aaron.
It went like this.
Stand over there.
-You know what's crazy?
-What?
That make sense 'cause
if I didn't feel anything,
then it ran from you.
It went -- It darted.
Then you said that
thing said "Kid."
Yeah.
There's children in here,
and they're running around.
I know. I know.
ZAK: Just like throughout
this entire investigation,
every time we experience a small
child's spirit in our presence,
it is validated by a piece
of our scientific equipment.
Could this child be wandering
the museum and looking for this?
You all right?
JAY: Yeah.
I mean,
I'm a little shook up.
So, when I pulled the light
up, there's nobody there.
Sister.
♪♪
BILLY: "Sister."
AARON: [ Gasps ]
It says "Sister."
ZAK: Billy grabs
the thermal-imaging camera
to see if he can find
this little child
who is looking for his sister.
♪♪
BILLY: I don't see
anything on this.
♪♪
AARON: Take a right.
Right now, we're cruising
around the whole museum
trying to just do thermal,
see if we can capture
anything at all.
I'm using my thermal eye
right now in total darkness,
just scanning.
♪♪
[ Clattering ]
AARON: Hear that?
BILLY: What was that?
AARON: I just heard
a bang right here,
and we're right
by the life jacket.
♪♪
Could you stand here in front
of your life jacket please?
♪♪
BILLY: There's something --
some weird anomaly behind you.
Really?
ZAK: As Billy and Aaron are
both standing absolutely still,
you can see
an unexplained small figure
peek around this corner at them.
What makes this extremely valid
and proves that it is not
Billy's reflection
is that this unknown figure
does not reflect heat,
and most importantly,
it moves around the corner
while Billy is completely
stationary on his feet.
♪♪
The artifacts at
the Titanic Museum
are drawing
its most vulnerable victims
back from their watery grave.
The encounters
we documented prove
they are still
in a state of unrest
and looking to communicate
their story with the living.